README.md, before:

This repository exists for self-learning purposes and for those who may be interested. Just like its "Doing Bayesian Data Analysis" counterpart, it contains implementations of Stata code in Python from Cunningham's Causal Inference (the mixtape). If you have no clue about the Mixtape go to https://mixtape.scunning.com.

### How to run the scripts?
So far, I've used four dependencies: NumPy, Pandas, Seaborn, Matplotlib, and Scikit-Learn. In case you're not familiar with Python, I recommend you to get started via Anaconda (as it handles the basics, and brings the five aforementioned packages by default). You can also get Python separately from your OS Store, install it, and just run the command below on your terminal:

**`pip install -r requirements.txt`**

Or simply use Google Colab (no installation headache).

### About the differences on generated data
Please note that the data presented in the book will naturally not match what you will obtain by running the scripts. This is because Stata's Pseudo-Random Number Generator (PRNG) differs from Python's (NumPy).

### One final word
Just like AI, I can make mistakes, with the only obvious difference being that I am a person. If you find any, they're on me :), not on Cunningham. I'd be happy to learn from it.

Commit message:

update README: included clone and requirements installation instructions

README.md, after:

This repository exists for self-learning purposes and for those who may be interested. Just like its "Doing Bayesian Data Analysis" counterpart, it contains Python implementations of the Stata code from Cunningham's *Causal Inference: The Mixtape*. If you're unfamiliar with the Mixtape, visit https://mixtape.scunning.com.

### How to run the scripts

The scripts use five main dependencies: NumPy, Pandas, Seaborn, Matplotlib, and Scikit-Learn. If you're not familiar with Python, I recommend getting started via Anaconda, which handles the basics and includes these packages by default. Alternatively, you can install Python separately from your OS store and follow these steps (running commands in your terminal):

**1. Clone the repository:** `git clone https://github.com/domingosdeeulariadumba/causalInferenceMixtapeNotes.git`  
**2. Navigate to the root directory:** `cd causalInferenceMixtapeNotes`  
**3. Install the dependencies:** `pip install -r requirements.txt`

Or simply use Google Colab to avoid installation entirely.

### About differences in generated data

Please note that the data presented in the book will naturally not match what you obtain by running these scripts. This is because Stata's Pseudo-Random Number Generator (PRNG) differs from Python's (NumPy).

### One final word

Just like AI, I can make mistakes, with the only obvious difference being that I am a person. If you find any errors, they're on me, not on Cunningham. I'd be happy to learn from them! :)
